c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Databot.dll
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Databot.pdb
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Databot_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.WP8.45.dll
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\Bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.WP8.45.xml
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.g.resources
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.dll
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.pdb
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\reshmi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Databot\Databot\obj\Debug\Databot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
